Implement a KISS version of pub/sub (#4118)
tenzir/tenzir: web/docs/operators/publish.md

---
sidebar_custom_props:
  operator:
    sink: true
---

# publish

> Publishes events at a Tenzir Node. The dual to [`subscribe`](subscribe.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Publishes events to a channel with a topic. The dual to [`subscribe`](subscribe.md).
```

## Synopsis

```
publish [<topic>]
```
## Description

> The `publish` operator publishes events at a Tenzir Node in a channel with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `publish` operator publishes events at a node in a channel with the
```

We currently neither prefix "node" with "Tenzir" nor capitalize this.

specified topic. Any number of subscribers using the [`subscribe`](subscribe.md)
operator receive the events immediately.

### `<topic>`

An optional topic for publishing events under. The provided topic must be
unique.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Defaults to the empty string.
```

## Examples

> Publish Zeek conn logs at a Tenzir Node under the topic `zeek-conn`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Publish Zeek conn logs at the topic `zeek-conn`.
```
